Add ubuntu core edgex image test (#166)
canonical/edgex-snap-testing: test/suites/ubuntu-core-edgex-image/README.md

### Requirements
Before running the tests, you need to install the following packages:
```
snap install --classic snapcraft
snap install --classic ubuntu-image
snap install lxd
snap install yq
snap install curl
sudo apt update
sudo apt install qemu-kvm
kvm-ok
sudo apt install ovmf
```
Please refer to [Testing Ubuntu Core with QEMU](https://ubuntu.com/core/docs/testing-with-qemu) to learn more about it.

Additionally, you need to log into your snap account by running:
```
snap login
snap keys
```
Note: Follow the instructions [here](https://snapcraft.io/docs/creating-your-developer-account) to create a developer account, if you don't already have one.

After logging in, create a key named `ubuntu-core-edgex-image-test` which will be used later by running:
```
snap create-key ubuntu-core-edgex-image-test
# set passphrase
snapcraft register-key ubuntu-core-edgex-image-test
```

### Build, Boot and Test the Image
To build the Ubuntu Core image with EdgeX components, run the following command:
```

> SNAP_KEY=ubuntu-core-edgex-image-test ./build.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNAP_KEY=ubuntu-core-edgex-image-test ./build.sh
```
The variable name is misleading. This is not a "snap key".

I suggest calling it KEY_NAME to be consistent with:
```
$ snapcraft register-key -h
Usage:
    snapcraft register-key [options] <key-name>
```

```
To boot the image in an emulator:
```
./run.sh
```

> Once the networking and user account setup is complete, open a new terminal to test the image by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**After the complete installation, use the wizard to setup the networking and user account.**

Once you see the SSH command and the IP address, open a new terminal to test the image by running:
```
